no just we can't walk around with paper
bags on someone's head is my middle of
the city are you hearing this yeah this
one in the back of our van today we
planned something a little weird and
different we're going to try to kidnap a
couple and take them out on the most
epic day they've ever had I'm not going
to tell them what it is what I tell them
exactly what kidnapping means but
they're gonna have a paper bag on their
head where is it where's the paper right
in the front
let's see if we can find a spontaneous
clue the changes can be played inna
begin the fight okay we have people to
kidnap be a minute you look like a Greek
can walk out with harmless meat
especially one person commented look at
that conversation in the comments though
make sure you share our love matter like
button back and can we please get a
huntress realized almost folio coconut
some people said that the weirdest thing
we've ever done
Eddie this is ready for us we got 45
minutes to make this happen because
there is already like a reservation for
the first thing we're going to start
with ideally we have a couple who are
just like hanging out and then we
approach them we explain what's going on
and then they say yeah let's do it
I thought this would be a like a lot
busier for some reason no one is out
really nobody here that remotely fits
any of our criteria no couples and no
from
I've been here for 20 minutes and I
haven't asked a single person just
people are not out today let's walk back
down I have a feeling I'm going to walk
back down we're going to see someone
Moses to rejoin my feeling is always
right there's not a single time I said I
have a feeling were going to find it but
we did it
alright would you let us kidnap you in
exchange for the best day ever
no yeah yeah hi how's your day going
okay we don't want any we're trying to
convince a couple to let us kidnap them
in exchange for the best day ever
okay fair enough okay nope huh we have
no idea that they're missing let us
kidnap you and exist for the best day
ever
okay
how's it going are you from are you from
around here we're not trying to sell
anything don't worry okay we are trying
to convince a couple or two friends to
let us kidnap them in exchange for the
best day ever so you've got a bunch of
things planned that we're not going to
disclose but if you are spontaneous or
not and would like to come on this
adventure throughout the day today we'd
love to kidnap you and give you the best
thing ever the problem is that we have
taken slider
I where you guys from Mexico if you guys
are interested we would like to give you
the best day ever and then give you a
record there for it at the end of the
day nervous those two she's nervous no
pressure no pressure
yeah yeah she go and I get a fast all
good like a good sort no nothing there
it's like we want to find someone who's
spontaneous enough to come on this
adventure and then the reward becomes
the things we do throughout the day and
hopefully friendship that we form yeah
why not right so I couldn't so for this
we like worked out was just going to put
like a paper bag in you have and then
walk a few steps kidnapping all right
you can hold hold his hand
all right somehow we found two people
for each other good workout
[Music]
here we go oh and then go ahead I will
clean anymore
[Music]
good to have you guys welcome to
essentially so what are your name
together it's a bad I'm good
it's a Benin Louise okay perfect ah we
now had an unforeseen challenge on our
hands we had 24 hours worth of
activities we had to squeeze in to fit
into their six-hour layover and hopes to
turn this into the most eventful layover
ever let's see if we can make it happen
all right here this big land right here
take them off we're in Venice right now
we'll go through a home good news is
we're no longer using a stick are we
actually beautiful Tesla if you've ever
tried ha ha we're coming to go to the
how do you call it the flavored ice on
the car yeah that industry the
dealership to take a photo with the tip
line because you wanted to go there
wow that's good love you know you got to
drive over hey let's see something and
then we'll we'll go we'll go see your
dreams come true oh yeah what do I do
with my kid
[Music]
hahaha
begin the back of where know like babies
we're at see where I am you know our
prayer say is a lot of times to be paid
don't trust strangers
number one there cannot be what I'm
allowing this come on telly
we're going to give you a tour of the
city from from the top so yeah we're
gonna get to be in that helicopter over
there whoa gonna go on amazing
so did your parents ever teach you to
knock knock - right there another dozen
or Syrian officers can hear something
[Music]
yours is Van Gogh
except it's brown we're going as much
person because it's the best thing I'm
going to show you my baby oh my god
really we are best friends Animal
Society in here in LA our Pacific and
kale
[Music]
somehow we end up picking is a bose
dream car so right now she gets a test
drive both alcohol you can try to
accelerate that work oh come on
don't go between yeah [ __ ] next step go
to watch classic alright next step we're
going to watch alright next step we're
going to with them next step we're going
to go watch a beautiful California sense
that you guys dressed to the airport - I
like four minutes a person upset and
we'll pretty much there
[Music]
so I should be the one holding won't you
tell me how you be I said my plea with
you until the morning everybody else
I've done a right turn away and cry
you don't ya Mikey chi yeul killed you
the first time
all right the man in the kitchen then
cooked for the entire scene every day
and he's an amazing cook I thought about
the murder scene holder day yeah okay
we're ready
kick your two guys are on already yeah
damn okay
[Music]
we got like what do we got ragu and like
papa
[Music]
push me to there another roll we need uh
so we got a big moment for our final
dessert final and only this is a Swedish
net called genome which is basically
buried white chocolate with sprinkle
with coconut so without further ado
ladies and gentlemen med they're so easy
to do traffic in sky and doesn't see
once again some enjoyment a Virginia
being hoping
football is trafficking is teaming up
against a macho choice the up my knee
joint your fantasy pieces he's going to
have learn our but trying to resist in
one last pace
[Music]
amar come on let's go ha ha ha hm
Oh imagine okay pretend that this never
happened
not going to happen to Lauren I guess
that was the weirdest layover mystery
yeah I think I'm ranked pretty high I
don't know if anyone can beat that let
us know but I think I win I think you
guys went to the airport a ladies and
gentlemen pilot I'm marking you about
Terry Jake that's a time of arrival is
that very confident so trust me two
bucks and don't stand window I can never
like you the stuff that requires like
fluff
oh my god
yeah big slice and a few on your next
yeah you're on your next plane don't
trust strangers if something we've heard
endlessly as kid
however with good awareness and enough
spontaneity reaching out of your comfort
zone will always lead to an exciting
adventure
[Music]